[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you so much
for having me again.
>>EMERY: Tim, you
used the term called
interdimensional tugging.
Can you please
explain what this is?
>>TIM: Yes, so every
storyline in its way
has its own end game or its
own result in this matter.
And you might think of this
as a separate life form
or at least as a very conscious
sentient life environment.
So these are possible
life environments
that we can bring our own
timeline into and orient
that vector that we're
on to those environments.
But those life environments,
actually, they are--
I don't want to say fight.
But I like the word
tugging actually
to describe that they
are putting effort
to draw souls into their
timeline, their time string.
So that's what they're
actually doing.
So the process is that
they have a stable reality
and more or less dominance
over their own history,
their own storyline
in that perspective.
And they want people that
bring information, experience,
and their own soul into this.
And it's not that terrible
as it might sound.
I know a lot of people,
they fear the word drawing
and souls.
That might sound
terrible for them.
Actually, it's more like
there are these havens
of home in that field.
And they want to host people.
And that's what they are
tugging for in that way.
Some are more forceful
in that matter
and might even be
dominant over others.
But in the end, they all are
creating a life environment.
And they want souls to inhabit
this possibility in order
to make it thrive.
>>EMERY: Tim, that's
a fascinating concept
because a soul now
integrates with a frog
race, a gray race, a reptilian
race, and so many others.
How does that all work?
>>TIM: It's both again.
So there's actually
a magnetic effect.
You cannot say that one pole
is attracting the other pole.
It's more of like an
interaction between those.
And what we see is that
all these different life
environments, they have
certain attributes to them.
And they might resonate to
ourselves more than others.
And then we feel attracted.
But they also attract
us in that manner.
But there's always a
third solution, which is--
or third way, which
is always creation.
So any one of us could become
home in their own manner
if they have enough
consciousness,
if they are feeling
stable enough
about their own timeline.
So any one of us could
indeed become home
and attract new and other
souls into their system.
>>EMERY: Why is it referred
to as an interdimensional
tugging when souls migrate
from species to species, not
only on the planet Earth but
on other planets as well?
>>TIM: So species
actually are only
an embodiment of certain life
environments in that field.
Earth humans are very much
focused on form and specific
facts labels, if you
want to speak so.
But in the end,
the body container
does not matter that--
or at least the form
of the body container
does not matter that much.
The body itself does matter
because we are always
this trinity of body,
consciousness, and soul.
And we're advised to bring this
body, soul, and consciousness
container into whatever life
environment suits us best.
And we should not
strip away one of them
but make the evolution
of all of them,
all our parts
integral in that way.
But in the end,
it doesn't matter
if you're like a frog race or
an exotic type of life form or--
I don't know, not
even be something
that we acknowledge as
life form in that way.
It only matters
that at one point,
the universe wants to
oversee the whole puzzle
and see how every piece
in the universe has found
its specific place
in its own nature
because that is
what we've been told
is the moment when the
universe recognizes itself.
It sees itself in the
form it should be.
And in that moment,
it all explodes again.
And the whole story
starts all over again.
>>EMERY: What is needed for
that cohesiveness to take place?
>>TIM: That pretty much
depends on every aspect.
So in the end, every question
needs to be answered,
every possibility
needs to be explored,
and everyone and every
being and every aspect
needs to find wherever they
feel integrated the most.
And then we have a complete
picture of the universe.
>>EMERY: Could it be
said that every question,
every possibility that
arises from that question
is played out simultaneously
in multiple versions
or parallel versions of Earth?
Or is it more like it
all has to be worked out,
this specific version?
>>TIM: Yeah, so interesting.
Good question.
So it depends on
the observer status.
So if you're zooming
out pretty much
and you're only like
observing the one point field,
then everything is
happening simultaneously.
And it's more or
less a process that's
been observed in
that kind of way.
But when you're
inside of time, you're
actually experiencing it
because time is always combined
with motion in that way.
So everything that happens
needs to be played out
and with so many still
unsolved questions.
It doesn't mean that it
has to take long for it
to play out in that perspective.
So what we've been
told is that there
were versions of the universe
that were over pretty quickly.
And the universe itself didn't
like that because it was like,
you know?
It went from
creation into, oh, we
got everything solved
in just one second.
So in the end, the
universe is pretty much
entertaining itself
through life because that's
its home in that way.
That's what it likes to do if
you want to think about that.
So it seems to enjoy
time and movement.
So yeah, the version that
we're experiencing right now
takes time.
>>EMERY: Would it be fair to say
there's another version of me
and Tim interacting in
another parallel scenario
and that the audience is
also interacting but perhaps
differently?
>>TIM: This is the fractal
nature of the universe.
Everything comes from itself.
So the best example for
that is birth in itself.
So branches come from trunks.
Humans come from humans.
So we have this
fractal nature where
you can zoom out or zoom in.
You're always observing the
same structure in that way.
But if you go down into
the individuality--
and this is actually
what's playing out right
in front of our eyes, which
is individuality, which
is the triad of soul, body,
and consciousness-- then
I would say that we
found out that it always
is dependent on the
observer itself.
So if you are aware of other
selves in other dimensions,
in other frequencies,
and other times,
then yes, there are other
versions of yourself
that are playing out
different other stories.
But if you're not
aware of that, then
yes, there is an observer
that might be playing out
possibilities and probabilities
that are similar to yourself.
But is that really Tim?
Is that another version of Tim?
We observe that.
So an easy example of
that is, for example,
communication with
ancestors in that way.
It's been portrayed in
different ancient tribes
that people communicate
with their ancestors
after they passed away.
And we even have techniques
where you can see
and people report
these shadowy beings.
I myself have done those
techniques when I was younger.
And I had incredible
results with that.
But is that being
that I'm communicating
and the shadow that suddenly
appears in the room,
is that really--
I don't know-- my grandma?
Or is this the information
that comes from the field
and portrays itself
as my grandma
or whatever you want to name it.
So there's no way for us
to answer that actually.
>>EMERY: How important are
extraterrestrial intelligences
in relation to our earthly and
human experiences when we also
include the parallel universes
and realities of Earth?
>>TIM: In this version of the
universe and I can confirm
everyone who's watching
"Cosmic Disclosure"
belongs to the club of those
people who will make contact
with ET beings actually
because that's--
you won't have an
awareness about that
if your soul or
your consciousness
or even you on purpose wouldn't
have decided to go this way.
>>EMERY: Can
humanity effectively
navigate conflicts from merging
the parallel versions of Earth?
And what influence
does that have
on extraterrestrial
intelligences?
>>TIM: So the universe wants
to solve the paradoxes.
That's actually
what's happening.
So if you zoom out of
life at a very high level
of consciousness, then--
at level seven
consciousness, the universe
is always scanning itself
for points and locations
where there are
unsolved paradoxes
because in a way,
that's like doing Sudoku
for the universe in some way.
So you have to imagine that the
creator itself is entertaining
itself through life.
You might want to
see it that way.
There are other levels to that.
You also can have an individual
or a love-oriented perspective.
But just for the
moment, let's imagine
it's playing Sudoku with itself.
So it's actually looking
for paradox spots in itself
in order to solve this.
So it's more or less a puzzle.
So yes, everyone
going through this
is still in a world that
experienced certain challenges.
So we've not overcome
duality in an integrated way.
We're still having conflicts.
We still imagine people to be
different from us in that way.
So we still want to
remain individuals
and have our individual paths.
If we weren't and if
we've decided to just say,
I don't care for
my individuality,
I just want to live in a
wonderful harmonious space,
then it would be much
easier to solve that.
So these are the parallel
versions that already happened.
If you stick to individuality,
then you stick to duality.
And then you need
to play it through.
So what Being 6 told us is
that all the conflict and all
the warlike nature
of the universe
in this version of the universe,
there is no solution to it.
It needs to play itself out.
It's much more like the
universe has an affection for
like, I don't know,
warlike games or something.
If you think about
computer games
or console games or
something, it just
enjoys to play all these warlike
shooters or something where
it goes on missions and
experience all this,
I don't know, devastating
gore and experience.
So there's no way
to prohibit that
or to prevent the
universe from doing so.
It just needs to
come to a point where
it's just too boring to
play that or even a place
where it's illogical to do so.
And we're more and more
heading towards that
because realize what happens
if we integrate technology,
if we integrate incarnation
into this reality field.
More and more of
the warlike nature
that organic beings
experience will
be turned into a virtual space.
And incarnation will mean that
even if you die, you respawn,
if you want to use this
computer term in that way.
So at one point or
another, the universe
will not be entertained
anymore by that field
or even become so much a
game that it doesn't even
matter anymore.
>>EMERY: Well, parallel
universes and timelines
of Earth ultimately merge so
there aren't multiple versions,
or will there always
be multiple timelines?
>>TIM: No, so we have this
movement that it will always
merge into one.
And this is what we call the
level seven consciousness
experience.
So basically, all the individual
timelines and time strings
that we're experiencing,
at one point,
they always will
come together again
because that's the
integration, the solution
of all these different
stories that we have.
And that very moment,
this is the transport
to level eight consciousness.
At that moment, it
all begins again.
It's like a breathing,
pulsing motion, or geometry,
if you want.
>>EMERY: And yet
at the same time,
we have all the different
densities or levels going on.
>>TIM: Yes.
So this is the
fractal nature of it.
So we all have it
layered upon layer.
And all these
layers are actually
influencing each other.
So what has been done on
this planet in particular
is that the moon itself shields
the planetary environment
off from outside higher
frequencies in order
to have a cohesive
evolution on the planet,
in order to have a free
evolution on the planet.
Still there were
malevolent forces
from outside that overcame
that barrier and influenced
and set up a system inside
of Earth, the reality
field of Earth that is pretty
much toxic and destabilizing.
But we also need
to overcome that
in order to have a planet
that has the possibilities
to strive and to bring
personal evolution
for each member of it.
>>EMERY: Have you been
privy to various outcomes
of these merging
timelines and potentials?
And which of all
the probabilities
do you see as the
most likely one?
>>TIM: Well, I've been only
informed about live forms.
And we've only been in
contact with forms of life
that have reached a level seven
consciousness, actually only
one life form.
So there are multiple level
six consciousness beings.
But there's only one
life form on level
seven consciousness, which
doesn't mean that there
won't be more than that.
What we know is that level
seven consciousness beings
will integrate the warrior
nature of the universe
into a more playful
version of it.
So it will integrate it
into a more simulated way
where people can live out their
aggressions against each other
but not in a profound way.
They will not forget
that they are only
playing a video
game in that way,
just in the way
that everyone who
is playing a video game at home
is still abstracted from what's
happening in the monitor--
or on the monitor.
It's not like they fully
emerge with the experience
in that way.
They're still
disconnected from that.
And that's the way
how some of them
experience fun while
playing those games.
>>EMERY: If there
was one takeaway
to the topic of
interdimensional tugging
and parallel versions
of Earth that you
would offer to the audience,
what would that be?
>>TIM: Really meditate
and experience yourself
in the most--
fullest way that is possible.
Bring yourself to that
version and that home that
resonates with you the most
because a lot of people
are praying for
peace in that way.
And I don't think from the
possibilities and probabilities
that peace is--
necessarily that it must happen.
But there are other ways
to integrate conflicts
by just making
them less important
or get yourself disconnected
from conflict in that way.
And I think that is
something that everyone
at home and every
viewer should do
because that's when
you benefit yourself
and the universe the most.
>>EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>>TIM: Thank you so
much for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]